well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about how
to shift societal thought
it's a very common theme on this channel
that to change society you don't have to
change the law you have to change the
way people think
and in some cases it's a whole lot
easier
to shift the way people think than it is
to get legislation passed
with that in mind i'm gonna tell you
about a message i received in relevant
part
it the body of it starts with i'd love
to see you put your preferred pronouns
in your bio on twitter what
why on earth would i need to do that
look at me
nobody is going to look at me and
mistake oh that's the whole point isn't
it
yeah as it stands right now
the societal norm is to not
state your preferred pronouns to say
whether you prefer to be called he
or she or whatever
the the idea the common way of doing it
is to just look at the person and guess
right that's that's why nobody would
think to look at me and say she
because i fit very neatly inside the he
box right
identifying your pronouns is something
that is currently
pretty specific to a certain demographic
of people to a certain group
and it's yet another thing that
identifies them
it's something else that is out of the
norm
of current societal thought that can be
used
to other them in some way
to change this you need people
who have no obvious reason to state
their preferred pronoun to do it
because then it's not something that is
specific to that demographic
it's just a thing that everybody does
this is something that is ridiculously
simple to do
that over time will shift the way
society views this
it won't be something that is specific
that is out of the norm it's just an
everyday occurrence
when uh when i tweeted about it because
i you know i was like
this never would have occurred to me
thanks for pointing it out
somebody else brought something else out
it also kind of acts like a flag
it acts like a flag or a bumper sticker
if you have that
in your profile it's safe to assume
that you are not
going to be opposed to the people who
currently do that to the people who
are stereotyped with this uh
with this request if you have that in
your profile
it's kind of like saying hey friendly
space here
and it makes sense
this is one of those things that
it doesn't take anything for me to do it
doesn't take anything for you to do it
but there are some people who do not fit
nicely
neatly perfectly into those little boxes
that widespread use of this
can help them feel more accepted can
help them
feel more included and
it's harder for people to other than
with this if there's a whole bunch of
people doing it
because it's not a practice that then is
specifically associated
with them it's just something that
occurs
it's a good example of how little
actions
can over time shift
the way society looks at an issue that
today is very divisive
15 20 years from now probably won't be
probably won't be a big deal at all
and i would imagine that by the time
it's all said and done
it won't matter it will get to the point
where we don't look at somebody and
assume
anything about their
their gender role based on their
appearance
something that i would imagine is going
to occur
probably within my lifetime
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day